<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t-eggs">
    <title>How to Make the Eggs</title>
    <shortdesc>This is what makes the breakfast burrito great!</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <prereq>
            <p>Make sure that you do not cook the eggs too soon before you are ready to assemble your burrito or they will get cold.</p>
            <p audience="mom">You should have already cooked the bacon, the vegetables, and the black beans.</p>
            <p audience="armando">You should have already cooked the chickpeas and the vegetables.</p>
            <p>This is what you will need to make the eggs
                <ul>
                    <li>Eggs - 2 eggs per burrito</li>
                    <li>Salt</li>
                    <li>Pepper</li>
                    <li audience="mom">Small glass bowl (In the top cabinet next to the sink)</li>
                    <li audience="armando">Small glass bowl</li>
                    <li>Wisk</li>
                    <li audience="armando">Small skillet</li>
                    <li audience="mom">Small skillet (In the bottom cabinet next to the fridge)</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
        </prereq>
    
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Crack as many eggs as you want in the bowl. Four is a recommended number just so that you can make more than one burrutio - in case I come home.</cmd>
            </step>
            
            <step>
                <cmd>Crack as many eggs into the small glass bowl as you need for the number of burritos that you want</cmd>
            </step>
            <step audience="mom">
                <cmd>This is the place to add lots of cheese if you want it in the burritos.</cmd>
            </step>
         <step>
             <cmd>Season with salt and pepper to your liking.</cmd>
         </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Wisk the eggs until they are one color and consistency. More bubbles make them fluffier.</cmd>
            </step>
           
            <step>
                <cmd>Heat the skillet to medium heat and pour in the eggs.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Stir and flip the eggs in the skillet for about 5 minutes, then remove them from heat.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq>
            <p audience="mom" conref="ts-stove.dita#ts-stove/fixstove"/>
            <p>Okay <keyword keyref="person-name"/>, are you ready to assemble your burrito?</p>
        </postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
